Adding an example with truststore to bypass cert pinning (#1617)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x05g-Testing-Network-Communication.md

There are several ways to bypass certificate pinning for a black box test, depending on the frameworks available on the device:

- Frida: Use the [Universal Android SSL Pinning Bypass with Frida](https://codeshare.frida.re/@pcipolloni/universal-android-ssl-pinning-bypass-with-frida/ "Universal Android SSL Pinning Bypass with Frida") script.
- Objection: Use the `android sslpinning disable` command.
- Xposed: Install the [TrustMeAlready](https://github.com/ViRb3/TrustMeAlready "TrustMeAlready") or [SSLUnpinning](https://github.com/ac-pm/SSLUnpinning_Xposed "SSLUnpinning") module.

> - Cydia Substrate: Install the [Android-SSL-TrustKiller](https://github.com/iSECPartners/Android-SSL-TrustKiller "Android-SSL-TrustKiller") package.

Reviewer: Could you order the list according to the alphabet and make "Cydia.." the first item?

Author: Done.

- Certificate hashes: `grep -ri "sha256\|sha1" ./smali`. Replace the identified hashes with the hash of your proxy's CA. Alternatively, if the hash is accompanied by a domain name, you can try modifying the domain name to a non-existing domain so that the original domain is not pinned. This works well on obfuscated OkHTTP implementations.
- Certificate files: `find ./assets -type f \( -iname \*.cer -o -iname \*.crt \)`. Replace these files with your proxy's certificates, making sure they are in the correct format.

> - Truststore files: `find ./ -type f \( -iname \*.jks -o -iname \*.bks \)`. Add your proxy's certificates to trustore, making sure they are in the correct format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Truststore files: `find ./ -type f \( -iname \*.jks -o -iname \*.bks \)`. Add your proxy's certificates to the trustore and make sure they are in the correct format.
```

> > Consider situation when app contains files without extension. Most common files location are `assets` and `res` directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Keep in mind that an app might contain files without extension. The most common file locations are `assets` and `res` directories, which should also be investigated.
```

> As an example, let's say that you find an application which uses a BKS (BouncyCastle) truststore and it's stored in file `res/raw/truststore.bks`. To bypass SSL Pinning you need to add your proxy's certificate. Following values need to be defined:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, let's say that you find an application which uses a BKS (BouncyCastle) truststore and it's stored in the file `res/raw/truststore.bks`. To bypass SSL Pinning you need to add your proxy's certificate to the truststore with the command line tool `keytool`. `Keytool` comes with the Java SDK and the following values are needed to execute the command:
```

> - password - password to keystore, you can find it in app code, where keystore is open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- password - Password for the keystore. Look in the decompiled app code for the hardcoded password.
```

> - providerpath - BouncyCastle Provider jar location, you can download it from [The Legion of the Bouncy Castle](https://www.bouncycastle.org/latest_releases.html "https://www.bouncycastle.org/latest_releases.html")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- providerpath - Location of the BouncyCastle Provider jar file. You can download it from [The Legion of the Bouncy Castle](https://www.bouncycastle.org/latest_releases.html "https://www.bouncycastle.org/latest_releases.html").
```

> - proxy.cer - your proxy's certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- proxy.cer - Your proxy's certificate.
```

> - aliascert - unique value which will be used as alias for your proxy's certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- aliascert - Unique value which will be used as alias for your proxy's certificate.
```

To add your proxy's certificate use the following command:

```shell

> keytool -importcert -v -trustcacerts -file proxy.cer -alias aliascert -keystore "res/raw/truststore.bks" -provider org.bouncycastle.jce.provider.BouncyCastleProvider -providerpath "providerpath/bcprov-jdk15on-164.jar" -storetype BKS -storepass password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ keytool -importcert -v -trustcacerts -file proxy.cer -alias aliascert -keystore "res/raw/truststore.bks" -provider org.bouncycastle.jce.provider.BouncyCastleProvider -providerpath "providerpath/bcprov-jdk15on-164.jar" -storetype BKS -storepass password
```

```

> To list certificates in BKS truststore use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list certificates in the BKS truststore use the following command:
```

```shell

> keytool -list -keystore "res/raw/truststore.bks" -provider org.bouncycastle.jce.provider.BouncyCastleProvider -providerpath "providerpath/bcprov-jdk15on-164.jar"  -storetype BKS -storepass password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ keytool -list -keystore "res/raw/truststore.bks" -provider org.bouncycastle.jce.provider.BouncyCastleProvider -providerpath "providerpath/bcprov-jdk15on-164.jar"  -storetype BKS -storepass password
```
